I'm putting 5 stars in hopes this is read.....

I want to start this by saying me and my fiancé normally come here at least once a week. The food is amazing. BUT the service tonight 5/7/16 from 10-1130 at the bar was absolutely horrible. Normally our service is rushed and we understand because it is a very busy place but we have never felt so disrespected until tonight. We had a great bartender helping us at first, he was very nice and helpful even with the long wait. There was 4 of us and we had a hefty bill even with the happy hour. An hour into our dining experience, I asked if we could order a few more things after the main bill had already been paid and we were finishing up our drinks. At that point in time, our bartender went up to his "manager," which was a heavier set woman with short pink/ red hair, and I could hear him say " they would like to order something else" she told him " they want to order something else? Well I don't care if you take their order but don't talk to them after that" I asked if everyone else heard it and they did. We were very confused but placed our order. She was very withdrawn and rude. She was talkative with another group but very blunt with us. In the middle of me eating a taco she even tried to grab the napkin I was using and we felt very rushed to the point it felt like she was discriminating against our group and we were not sure because we got their just before the other group, who she chatted with just fine.

Even a man came in for a to-go order and he told her that he was told only 10 minutes and it had been like 40, her only concerning comment was "sorry its saturday."

I'm so very disappointed in Mission Taco but especially someone they would name a manager. Of all the times we have been to Mission Taco( which is almost every week) this time especially upset us and really made me not want to come back. Very sad that you can be a respectful paying customer and get treated this way at a place where you have chose to spend your time and money. I hope there is someone above her who can rectify this situation because she created very distasteful experience at a great establishment.
